Create home.md (#1)
bebatut/galaxy_mentor_network: index.md

> <img width="500" align="right" alt="illustration" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/82679007/150655220-d023b26e-ceab-4b37-9d66-0ad6b20f0628.png">

Reviewer: Can you use the Markdown syntax here `![Alt text](path/to/file)`? And add the image in the PR?

---
title: Mentorship...for you!
subtitle: Do you need guidance on a project? Need help learning how to contribute to open source? Guidance in settling into the Galaxy ecosystem? More?
---

> <img src="./assets/images/illustration.png" alt="Illustration." width="400"  align="right" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Two persons side by side in front of a computer](assets/images/illustration.png)
```
